Is Hirschsprung disease a mendelian or a multifactorial disorder?
What is the aim of the Human Chromosome-centric Proteome Project (C-HPP)?
What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure after myocardial infarction?
What is the effect of TRH on myocardial contractility?
What are the outcomes of Renal sympathetic denervation?
What is evaluated using the EORTC QLQ – INFO25 questionnaire?
What is the association of estrogen replacement therapy and intracranial meningioma risk?
What is known about the effect of acupuncture in smoking cessation ?
What is clathrin?
What are the main results of PRKAR1A Knockdown?
What is the role of extracellular signal-related kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2) proteins in craniosynostosis?
What is the association between personality trait of neuroticism and risk for Alzheimer's disease?
What is the mode of action of everolimus?
Which pathological condition of the heart is known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM)?
What is the function of the viral KP4 protein?
What is the principle of the PAR-CLIP methodology?
How is spastic diplegia diagnosed?
Is there a genetic component for happiness?
What kind of affinity purification would you use in order to isolate soluble lysosomal proteins?
What is the effect of Chk2 splice variants on wild-type Chk2 kinase activity?
What is Tarlov Cyst?
What is the extracellular core "matrisome"?
What is Genomicus?
What is the COUGER tool?
What is known about clinical efficacy of ceftriaxone for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
What is the relationship between TailorX and Oncotype?
Which is the main function of "RNA sponges"?
How do histone methyltransferases cause histone modification?
What is the function of 6SRNA in bacteria?
What is a Caveolae?
How could we infer functional associations from gene fusion events?
What is the Genomic Regions Enrichment of Annotations Tool (GREAT)?
What is the role of RhoA in bladder cancer?
What is the prognostic role of thyroid hormone in patients with heart failure?
For what is Protein A from Staphylococcus aureus used in biochemistry?
What is the suggested therapy for Mycobacterium avium infection?
What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?
What is the clinical value of MammaPrint?
What systems have been developed for the numbering of antibody residues?
What is enCHIP?
What are the functions of sorting nexin 27?
What clinical use aptamers may have?
What is the mechanism of action of Nalmefene?
What is the role of invadopodia in EMT?
What are cancer driver genes?
What is a mitochondrial nucleoid?
What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?
How does exercise affect thyroid hormone receptors expression in the heart?
What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction?
What is the mode of action of bedaquiline?
Does helicobacter pylori infection increase risk for ischemic stroke?
Describe the mechanism of action of the LINX system for treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease.
What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?
What are the effects of BMAL1 deficiency?
Where is the protein CLIC1 localized?
Describe the usefulness of the SPIKE database in human signaling pathways
What is the Barr body?
What is the biological role of expansins in fungi?
What is known about depression in acoustic neuroma patients?
What is the mode of action of Hsp90 inhibitors?
What is HbVar?
Can DMSO as an additive improve proteomic analysis results?
Why do we use "N-terminal proteomics"?
Describe the mechanism of action of drisapersen
How does ranolazine affect calcium handling in the heart
Which is the primary distinction between the Reverse Warburg effect and the conventional Warburg effect?
What is the role of per genes in circadian rhythm control?
What is the definition of autophagy?
Between which types of DNA bases are mutational biases introduced due to directional mutation pressure?
What is the role of AMPK in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
What is the oldest human sample analysed by paleontology proteomics?
What is membrane scission?
What is the mechanism of DNA replication termination in vertebrates?
What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk  of intracranial aneurysms?
How homoplasy affects phylogenetic reconstruction?
What is known about the association between the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk for autism in offspring?
Why are insulators necessary in gene therapy vectors?
What is the role of SERCA in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
What is the methodological principle of ChIA-PET?
What is the association between h-index and academic rank in academic neurosurgery?
What is known about the value of mindfulness interventions in prostate cancer patients?
What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK ?
The secreted frizzled-related protein 3 (sFPR3) is altered in human cancers. Are its level found to increase or to decrease?
Albumin depletion is a common first step for proteomic analysis of CSF fluid. What is the advantage and disadvantage of this procedure?
How are lincRNA affecting the regulation of gene expression?
What is known about thalidomide therapy and survival of glioblastoma patients?
Which is the definition of pyknons in DNA?
What is the role of deadenylases in the cell?
How could U1 small nuclear RNA be used in therapeutics?
What is the influence of patent expiry on  ACE inhibitor prescribing.
How effective is the dentritic cells treatment on cancer?
What is known about the reimbursement of Viagra
Why is lock mass used in Orbitrap measurements?
How does trimetazidine affect intracellular kinase signaling in the heart?
What was the aim of the COSS (Carotid Occlusion Surgery Study) clinical trial?
What are the clinical trial outcomes of metformin use in polycystic ovary disease?
What is the association between Generalized anxiety disorder and mortality risk?
Which treatment leads to an increase in neutrophil counts in severe congenital neutropenia?
What is the effect of resveratrol on mTOR activity?
What is the role of AMPK kinase in myocardial remodeling after myocardial infarction
What is the mechanism of action of solanezumab?
Which phenomenon is known as the "calcium paradox" in the isolated perfused heart?
How do Hsp70 and Hsp110 affect mRNA stability?
What is Prudent Diet?
What is the role of necroptosis in cancer therapy?
What is FINDbase?
Why does the prodrug amifostine (ethyol) create hypoxia?
What is considered a reliable technique for the definitive cytogenetic diagnosis of Fanconi anemia homozygosity?
What is the role of lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1) in hematopoiesis?
How are induced pluripotent stem cells used in the study and treatment of cardiovascular diseases?
How is the sequence variability defined in antibodies?
What is TFBSshape?
What is the main characteristic of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Which is the mechanism used for synthesis of a highly functional N-truncated dystrophin isoform that attenuates dystrophinopathy?
What constitutes an increased risk for individuals with Fanconi anemia?
what is the role of IGF-1 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK
what is the role of TGFbeta in cardiac regeneration after myocardial injury?
What is the function of the mammalian gene Irg1?
What is the systemic nickel allergy syndrome?
What is the role of ELMO1 gene in cell migration?
What is the biological role of K-48 linked protein ubiquitination?
What is known about Vancomycin dosing in neonates?
Which histone modifications have been associated to alternative splicing?
What is a P-body (processing body)?
What is the mechanism of action of decitabine?
What are the main characteristics/symptoms of the "Brugada" syndrome
How does thyroid hormone regulate mitochondrial biogenesis in the myocardium?
What is the genomic structure of the FAA (FANCA) gene?
What is Snord116?
Which is the genetic cause for the development of Fanconi anemia complementation group D1?
What are the most frequent non-canonical sequence motifs at the donor and acceptor splice sites in vertebrates?
Why does cranberry juice help combat urinary tract infections?
What is the functionality of the Triplex R/bioconductor package?
What is transvection?
What is the role of probiotics in gastrointestinal disease?
What species is associated with Tetrodotoxin?
How do HBS1L-MYB intergenic variants regulate fetal hemoglobin?
What is the genetic basis of propionic acidemia?
What is the risk in G-CSF treatment for severe congenital neutropenia?
Which is the treatment strategy followed in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 for CAG removal?
Where is the angiogenin binding element  located?
Which event results in the acetylation of S6K1?
What is protein carbamylation?
What is the role of Inn1 in cytokinesis?
What is the definition of minimal absent words?
What is the common feature in congenital central hypoventilation and Mowat-Wilson syndromes?
What symptoms characterize the Muenke syndrome?
How does dabigatran therapy affect aPTT in patients with atrial fibrillation?
What pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions can be considered as prophylactic therapies in Cluster Headache patients?
How does phospholamban affect the biological activity of the calcium ATPase SERCA?
What is known about the Digit Ratio (2D:4D) cancer?
What do studies show about the effect of Induced hypothermia in premature babies?
Describe what is the advantage of using a stain free protein gel in a Western Blot experiment?
What states the second parity rule (PR2)?
Explain the concept proteostasis.
What is the association between adiponectin and migraine?
Which phenomenon is described as oncogene addiction?
What is the scope of the OMIA database?
What is the effect of methotrexate in treating uveitis due to juvenile idiopathic arthritis ?
What is HOCOMOCO?
What is the result of the interaction between TSC1 and PLK1?
What are the characteristics of the "Universal Proteomics Standard 2" (UPS2)?
What type of arrhythmia is known as bidirectional ventricular tachycardia (BDVT)?
Where does TORC1 sequester during heat stress?
What is the usefulness of ultraconserved elements in phylogeny?
Which are the characteristics of the Meier-Gorlin syndrome?
What is the role of Hsp90 inhibition in cancer therapy?
What is the mechanism of action of anticoagulant medication Dabigatran?
What is the function of the yeast protein Aft1?
What is the role of mismatched uracil glycosylase (Mug) in DNA repair?
What is the effect of Allopurinol on asphyxia in neonates?
When is the protein NFL a biomarker?
How does thyroid  hormone  regulate  SR-Ca2+ ATPase  (SERCA) protein in the heart?
Which is the most well-accepted method for Down syndrome non-invasive prenatal diagnosis?
Elaborate on the association between Genomic Regulatory Blocks (GRBs) and target genes
Which therapeutic interventions for sarcopenia have been  applied
What is the genetic basis of progeria?
Describe July Effect.
Which are the main functions of the human HuR (ELAVL1) protein in fibroblasts?
What is the role played by mTOR in hypertrophic response and heart failure?
What is the mechanism of action of DNA topoisomerase II inhibitors?
what is the role of FGF-2 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
What is Tn-seq?
Which is the most common genetic lesion among patients with Joubert Syndrome and a cerebello-oculo-renal phenotype?
How is CBX1/M31 related to position-effect variegation?
Describe the mechanism of action of aliskiren.
What is the role of photodynamic therapy for meningioma treatment?
What is the Arnold-Chiari syndrome?
What is the biological role of SERCA2 SUMOylation in cardiac physiology and pathophysiology, such as in heart failure?
What is known about MER41 repeat sequences?
How functional connectivity of the default mode network changes in patients with disorders of consciousness?
What is the pyroptotic pathway?
What is the function of the AtxA pleiotropic regulator?
What is evaluated with the Hydrocephalus Outcome Questionnaire?
What is known about maternal smoking and brain tumor risk?
Which metazaon species or taxa are known to lack selenoproteins
How are CpG island shores defined?
What is the role of edaravone in traumatic brain injury?
what is the role of erythropoietin in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
What are the hallmarks of congestive heart failure?
What is the reason for the narcolepsy cases developed after H1N1 influenza vaccination?
What is the mechanism of action of ocrelizumab for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What are viral vectors used for in optogenetics?
Why graphics processing units (GPU) are more suitable for biological tasks than central processing units (CPU)?
What are the treatments of choice for GIST (gastrointestinal stromal tumor)?
What is the function of TALENs?
Show results of randomised controlled trials for certolizumab pegol.
What is the role of thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 in insulin secretion?
Which are the main features of CREST and other ALS-linked proteins?
What is the relationship between nucleosomes and exons?
What is DeepCAGE?
What are the Topological Domains (TADs)?
What is the vibrational theory of olfaction?
What is the application of the ASSET algorithm in C.elegans?
What are the pyknons?
Describe what is the usage of the Theatre software tool for genomic analysis.
How are CRM (cis-regulatory modules) defined?
What is oprozomib?
What is the mechanism of microRNA deregulation in carcinogenesis?
What is the role of venous angioplasty in multiple sclerosis?
Which type of cell death is known as anoikis?
What is Piebaldism?
What is the mechanism of action of APOBEC3G cytidine deaminase to inhibit HIV-1 replication?
What is ISMARA?
Where does TDP43 localize in ALS neurons?
What is the basis of the methodology of "functional class scoring" (FCS) for the analysis of gene expression data?
What is the Timothy syndrome?
Which is the underlying mechanism for exon skipping used to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What is the advantage of using long nano columns in proteomics?
What is the treatment of Riedel disease (thyroiditis)?
What is the evolutionary process described by the "Muller's ratchet" model?
What is the association between proBNP serum concentrations and stroke outcomes?
What is the effect that EZH2 has on chromatin?
What are the generic versions of Viagra
How could iPSCs be used for the treatment of diabetes?
What is Sotos syndrome?
What is the CRAPome database?
How is yellow fever virus transmitted?
How does TNF affect thyroid hormone receptors?
What is the effect of dovitinib on the cell cycle?
What is the involvement of PDGFRB in metastatic medulloblastoma?
What is known as Calcium Induced Calcium Release (CICR) and its role in cardiomyocyte contractility?
What is the action of molindone?
What is the function of the enzymes known as dual specificity phoshpatases (DUSPs)?
How are human accelerated regions (HAR) defined?
How are GRBs (Genomic Regulatory Blocks) defined?
What is STARR-seq?
What is the effect of ROS on cyclin B1?
Provide examples of how molecular transporters contribute to multi-drug resistance in bacteria.
What is the minimal genome build?
Describe Malgaigne fracture.
Define marine metaproteomics
What is GRO-seq?
What is the role of Caenorhabditis elegans Heterochromatin protein 1 (HPL-2) in development?
What are the pregnancy outcomes in rheumatoid arthritis?
What is DNAshape?
How are thyroid hormones involved in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy?
How histone deacetylation causes transcriptional gene silencing?
What is the effect of SAHA treatment in Huntington's disease?
What is known about the role of mHealth in the prevention of disease?
How does ranolazine affect kinase signaling activation in the heart?
Which depression rating scales were shown to have acceptable psychometric properties for screening of poststroke depression?
What is the mechanism of action of  trichostatin A (TSA) as an antitumoral agent?
What is known as the cause of subacute thyroiditis?
Why can't humans synthesize Neu5Gc (N-Glycolylneuraminic acid)?
Elaborate on the TREAT-NMD initiative for DMD patients
What are the characteristics of Christianson syndrome?
What heterotachy states about molecular evolutionary processes?
What is known about depression in caregivers of brain tumor patients?
What are the effects of homozygosity of EDNRB mutations in addition to Hirschsprung disease?
Which is the major function of sororin?
What are piggyBAC transposons?
what is the role of GATA-4 in regeneration of the heart after myocardial infarction?
How does adrenergic signaling affect thyroid hormone receptors?
Which kinase is regulating stress granule biogenesis?
What is the association between cell phone use and glioblastoma?
What are the main characteristics of Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT)?
what is the role of prostaglandins in cardiac regenaration after myocardial infarction?
What is the general function of H3K79 methylation?
Where can we find the protein dermcidin?
Describe Mozart effect.
What is the purpose of the Tokuhashi scoring system?
By which mechanism MutT proteins act against DNA lesions in bacteria?
What is the role of anhedonia in coronary disease patients?
What is  the clinical value of naltrexone in Parkinson's disease patients?
What is the efficacy of oxaliplatin monotherapy in the management of colorectal cancer?
Which is the molecular function of the protein CCDC40?
What is the role of  chromomethylases in plants?
What is Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?
How does Rif1 regulate DNA replication?
What is known about food intolerance and gluten ?
What is known about the effectiveness of electronic food diaries ?
Which biological process in known as Endoplasmic Reticulum-Associated Protein Degradation (ERAD)?
What is known about the economic cost of urinary incontinence?
What is known about diseases associated with mutations in the CHCHD10 gene?
Give examples of next-generation sequencing applications in mutation screening?
What is BioASQ?
What is the role of the histidine rich calcium binding protein (HRC) in cardiomyopathy?
What is the effect of amitriptyline in the mdx mouse model of Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What is known about potential implication of thyroid hormone receptors in arterial hypertension?
What is the mechanism of action of abiraterone?
Do ephrins play a role in brain cancer?
What is the definition and the biological role of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)
What is smFISH?
What is the correlation between SPARC expression and growth inhibition in human cancer?
How does dronedarone affect thyroid hormone signaling in the heart?
What are the functions of the ESCRT machinery?
What is the role of TRH in hypertension?
What is the role of NETs in systemic lupus erythematosus?
What is known as Von Hippel–Lindau disease or syndrome?
Which mechanisms underlie adaptive mutagenesis (stationary-phase mutagenesis) in Bacillus subtilis?
Describe the usefulness of Macrostomum lignano in ion channel and stem cell research
What is the INSURE procedure in premature babies.
How thyrocyte destruction is induced in autoimmune thyroiditis?
What causes erucism?
How does Hst5 (histatin 5) affect infections by Candida glabrata?
Which is the localization of the RIFIN family of proteins?
What is the suggested clinical management of Fanconi anemia?
Describe Hot water reflex epilepsy.
Which is the mechanism used by bacteria to induce tumors in Arabidopsis?
What is the idea behind the fractal globule that has been proposed as a model of chromatin conformation in the nucleus of a cell?
What is SHAPE-Seq?
Describe the involvement of conserved noncoding sequences in the regulation of Hox genes.
Give an overview of visualizing genomes with oligopaint FISH probes.
What is Targeted Chromatin Capture (T2C)?
What are the reported adverse effects of topical minoxidil?
Describe Heyde syndrome.
What is the main biological function of the CRISPR-CAS9 genome editing system?
What is 2d 4d ratio in athletes.
What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk of intracranial aneurysms?
What is the role of brain natriuretic peptide in traumatic brain injury patients ?
What is the association between NT-proBNP and cognitive function?
Is there any evidence of dysregulated long non coding RNAs and Alzheimer's disease?
What is known about type D personality trait in cancer patients?
what is the role of MEF-2 in cardiomyocyte differentiation?
What is the the Menzerath-Altmann law?
Describe the known functions for the prothymosin alpha c-terminal peptide?
What is the role of the Ada O6-alkylguanine alkyltransferase in bacteria?
Super-SILAC is a method used in quantitative proteomics. What is the super-SILAC mix? (SILAC: Stable Isotopic labelling by aminoacids in cell culture)
What is known about efficacy of the high dose intravenous ascorbate in the treatment of cancer patients?
What is ChiRP-seq (Chromatin Isolation by RNA Purification sequencing)?
What is the use of MammaPrint and Oncotype DX?
How can DUF families be deciphered?
What is the treatment of choice  for gastric lymphoma?
What are the applications of a Dermaroller ?
What is the mechanism of action of eprotirome?
What is the role of music therapy in coma patients.
What is GDF10?
Other than protein coding potential, what features set apart long non-coding RNAs from protein coding genes?
How does thyroid hormone affect insulin resistance in the heart?
Describe mechanism of action of PLX3397 drug.
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome
Describe clinical presentation of Parkinsonism with dementia of Guadeloupe syndrome.
Describe armoured brain syndrome.
What is the role of Thyrotropin Releasing Hormone in the treatment of comatose patients?
What are the signatures of aggressive periodontitis?
What is the principle of ATAC (Assay for Transposase-Accessible Chromatin) technique?
What is the genetic basis of progeria
What is the "Proteomic ruler"?
What is the mechanism by which HIV-1-encoded Vif protein allows virus replication?
What is the mechanism of cementogenesis in pulp regeneration?
What is the effect of ranolazine in diastolic heart failure?
Elaborate on the potential efficacy of gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent, platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian cancer.
How does Foxa transcription factor exhibits its pioneering function?
Describe the isolation of transcription factor complexes by in vivo biotinylation tagging and direct binding to streptavidin beads, as applied for the case of the essential hematopoietic transcription factor GATA-1.
What are the molecular characteristics of the FAA (FANCA) cDNA?
What are the skeletal muscle satellite cells?
What is the role of neurogranin in Alzheimer's disease patients?
What is the association between GERD and gluten ?
What is the use of emulsion PCR in Next Generation Sequencing?
What is the role of thyroid hormone in Stem cell differentiation?
What is the function of the MTH1 enzyme in cancer cells?
What are the observations regarding telomere integrity and function in Fanconi anemia?
What is the role of the Tsix gene during X chromosome inactivation?
What is the advantage of neutral loss detection in phosphoproteomics?
What is the mechanism of drug-induced gingival overgrowth?
What is ceritinib?
What is the main mechanism by which human papillomavirus proteins E6 and E7 contribute to cell transformation?
What is the implication of histone lysine methylation in medulloblastoma?
What is the Orco protein in mosquitos?
What is the role of 5hmC (5 hydroxy-methyl-Cytocine) in differentiation?
What is CRISPRi?
How is mTORC1 involved in the regulation of heat stress?
What is the basic secondary structure of the variable domains of a typical antibody?
How does long-range epigenetic silencing (LRES) occur?
Under which conditions does AMPK phosphorylate TSC2?
What colonoscopy findings have been reported in autism
What is a disordered protein?
What is the catalytic mechanism of DNA (cytosine-5) methyltransferases?
What is the mechanism of action of geldanamycin?
What is the association between number of pregnancies and rheumatoid arthritis
How Flaviviridae family of viruses infects vertebrates?
What was the aim of the HAMLET clinical trial?
Can we use prodrug amifostine to protect healthy cell during chemotherapy?
What is the molecular pathogenesis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy?
Elaborate on the link between conserved noncoding elements (CNEs) and fractality.
What is known about the Kub5-Hera/RPRD1B interactome?
What is Desomorphine?
What is the result of Mff overexpression in mitochondria?
What is FFI, fatal familial insomnia
Elaborate on the role of CARMEN in cardiac specification.
What is the mechanism of action of peginesatide?
Describe mechanism of action of Eteplirsen?
What is the importance of Janus Kinases in dermatology?
What is the role of ZNF335 in microcephaly?
What are the exonic splice enhancers?
What are the birth defects associated with Zika-virus infection?
What is Neisseria adhesin A?
What causes Scurvy?
Describe clinical presentation of Ambras syndrome.
What is MINDY-1?
What is the benserazide's mechanism of function when co-administered with L-DOPA in patients with Parkinson's Disease?
What is regioneR?
What are reactive metabolites?
What is the "wearing-off" phenomenon in levodopa-treated patients with Parkinson's Disease?
What are prions?
What is sQTLseekeR?
What is Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD)?
Describe what is athelia syndrome?
What is BioCreative?
What is Eteplirsen (Exondys 51)?
What are the SINEUPs?
What is the mechanism of action of raxibacumab?
What is the effect of CPEB3 binding to the CPE domain?
What is the Shelterin complex?
What are PD-1 inhibitors?
What do statins do?
What is Path2PPI?
What are some of the effects of Zika Virus in infected individuals?
What is the function of Oseltamivir when administered during flu?
What is the composition of the gamma-secretase complex?
What is the role of cohesins at the IFNG locus?
Describe Wellens' Syndrome.
What is the function of transthyretin in cerebrospinal fluid?
Where is the protein slitrk1 localized?
Describe clinical manifestation of the Harlequin syndrome.
What is the role of the constitutive photomorphogenesis 9 signalosome (CSN)?
What is Legg-Calvé-Perthes Disease
What is promoted by ERAP1-ERAP2 dimerization?
What is adhesive capsulitis
Describe the applicability of Semantic MediaWiki in the case of FANTOM5
What is the mechanism of action of Osimertinib?
What is Bartter syndrome?
What is the function of the Indian hedgehog protein in chondrocytes?
What is the major difference between eucaryotes and procaryotes?
What is the HSP70-HSP110 disaggregase machinery?
Describe the usefulness of MiRduplexSVM.
What kind of analyses are performed with the software tool "unipept"
What is "Epitranscriptome analysis"?
What is Bexsero?
What is the mechanism of action of the biguanide class of diabetes drugs?
Where is the proteasome located?
What is clinical presentation of the Gardner-Diamond syndrome?
Define lncRNA.
What are Septins?
What makes telomerase a good drug target?
What is DENdb?
What is the doRiNA database?
What is the connection between furin and hepcidin?
Which cells express CIDEC protein in humans?
What is the purpose of the Orpington Prognostic Scale?
What is the applicability of the MCAST algorithm?
What is the function of yeast Clr4 on chromatin?
What is the role of LIMT lncRNA?
What are Kupffer cells and what is their role?
What is known about saponins in crops and human consumption?
What is the role of histone variant H2A.W?
Which are the main brain dysfunctions caused by hyperbilirubinemia?
Describe clinical applications of the PIM2 scoring system.
Which disease is associated with mutations in SLC40A1 gene?
Describe Exploding head syndrome.
Describe crowned dens syndrome.
How are looped genes identified in yest?
What is the function of the DGAT1 gene product?
What is the purpose of HaploReg v4?
What is Mondor's disease?
How are immediate early genes (IEG) defined?
What is the role of Laser Interstitial Thermal Therapy in glioma treatment?
What is known about telomere length shortening and stress?
What is LedPred?
What are Degrons?
What is the role of Lysine 2-hydroxyisobutyrylation?
What is REVIGO?
What is the mechanism of action of onartuzumab?
Which disease(s) are caused by HEX A deficiency?
What is Behçet's disease
What is the link between Ctf4 and Chl1 in cohesion establishment?
How is primary intestinal lymphangiectasia (PIL) caused?
What are congenital disorders of glycosylation?
What is the function of the protein tafazzin?
What are assassin bugs?
Where are the unipolar brush cells localized?
What is DECKO?
What is a mimotope vaccine?
Describe clinical manifestation of the Mal de debarquement syndrome.
What is the mechanism of action of verubecestat?
How are triple negative gliomas characterized?
What is ectopia lentis?
What is the function of gasdermin D?
What is TOPAZ1?
What is the Genome 10K Project?
What is MIRA-seq?
How does Ssu72 mediate gene looping?
What is the role of peptide aptamers?
What is the Glasgow Coma score?
What is the mechanism of action of Pictilisib?
What are sirtuins?
What is ChIPpeakAnno?
Describe ATR-16 syndrome.
What is the mechanism of action of Romosozumab?
What is the function of the Mis18 protein?
What is PANTHER-PSEP?
What is MPE-seq?
Describe the mechanism of action of Bezlotoxumab?
What is the biological function of the SRY circular RNA (circRNA)?
What is Uhl's anomaly?
Can aspirin be used in cancer prevention?
What is the link between TB (Turbeculosis) infection and TNFa inhibition?
What happens upon disruption of a TAD boundary?
What is the CEGA catalog?
What is magnetoreception?
What is the role of the Ctf4-interacting-peptide or CIP-box?
What is the function of mTOR?
Describe the applicability of Basset in the context of deep learning
What is the role of the MCM2-7 complex?
Describe the usefulness of CAMUR in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA)
What is the function of lncRNA?
What is the function of the exosome?
What is metaSPAdes?
What is the function of the dormancy survival regulator (DosR) in Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
Which are the effects of ALDH2 deficiency?
What is the role of the positive effector of transcription (pet) in the hepatitis B virus?
What is the role of Kmt5a in liver?
What is the difference between ganglion mother cells (GMC) and intermediate neural precursor cells (INP) in Drosophila?
What is the FIRE (Functional Inference of Regulators of Expression) tool?
Describe mechanism of action of Napabucasin.
Which are the properties of mammalian GA-sequences?
What is the main focus of the CVE R/Bioconductor package?
What is the origin of XUT transcripts in yeast?
What is oclacitinib?
Which yeast nucleosomes are preferentially marked by H2A.Z?
How are topologically associating domains (TAD) associated with replication timing?
How are cryptic unstable transcripts (CUTs) defined?
What is mechanism of action of galunisertib?
What is the relationship of fyn kinase and tau?
Which is the transcriptome of RNA polymerase III?
What is the purpose of the FRAX scale?
Has Cas9 gene editing the potential to correct inhereted hearing loss?
How may CTCF mediate splicing?
What is the function of the TFIIS transcriptional factor (Dst1) in yeast?
What is the genetic basis of the Delayed Sleep-Phase Syndrome (DSPS)?
What are jakinibs?
Describe GARLIC (GWAS-based Prediction Toolkit for Connecting Diseases and Cell Types)
How does Dst1 knock-out affect transcription in yeast?
What is the function of yeast TERRA RNAs?
What is masitinib an inhibitor of?
What is the function of the H19 (ICR) locus in the human genome?
What is the mode of action of teriparatide?
What is the Strelka workflow?
Describe the Manta algorithm for detection of structural variants
Describe mechanism of action of Ozanimod.
Describe swirl sign in intracerebral hemorrhage.
What is Morgellons disease?
What is Cellbase?
What is the asosciation between the eustachian tube and the palatine muscle of the uvula?
What is the definition of General Regulatory Factors (GRFs)?
Why is the Fyn kinase considered a promising therapeutic target for Alzheimer's Disease?
What is the link between TADs and GRBs?
What is Target Explorer?
What does the human IVIG treatment for Alzheimer's disease contain?
What is the mechanism of the auxin-inducible degron system?
What does VBP15 do to skeletal muscle?
What is filgotinib?
What is Q-nexus?
What is the mechanism of action of Tisagenlecleucel?
What is LHON, also known as Lebers syndrome?
What is the ReliableGenome?
Which is the specificity of deubiquitinase USP25?
Can a circRNA be translated into protein?
What is the phenomenon of gene kissing?
Where do centromeres locate according to the Rabl orientation of eukaryotic nuclei?
What is the function of STAR elements in yeast telomeres?
How does parathyroid hormone affect circulating levels of periostin?
What is MINDY (motif interacting with Ub-containing novel DUB family)?
What is cebocephaly
How can network assortativity be applied in the three-dimensional analysis of the genome?
How is CTCF activated post-translationally?
What is the HPG pore?
What is miravirsen?
What is GenomeVIP?
What is BBCAnalyzer?
What is the purpose of the FaceBase consortium?
What is TCGA2BED?
Describe nursemaid's elbow injury.
What is trismus?
What is mechanism of action of Benralizumab?
Describe the Match BAM to VCF (MBV) method.
What is the mechanism of action of Fremanezumab?
Is trastuzumab associated cardiotoxicity reversible?
What is the role of nimotuzumab in treatment of pontine glioma?
Describe annotatr
What is Blount's disease?
Describe mechanism of action of Nusinersen.
Describe King–Kopetzky syndrome.
What is the 959 Nematode Genomes initiative?
What is CellMaps?
Describe SNP2TFBS
What is SMiLE-seq?
What is libgapmis?
Describe JACUSA
What is the mechanism of action of Tezepelumab?
What is the association between kidney donation risk of gestational complications?
Describe the RNA Centric Annotation System (RCAS)
What is Chronic Wasting Disease (CWD) in deer?
What does A1C measure?
What is craniosynostosis?
Describe Click-PEGylation
A SLEDAI score is associated with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus. What is a SLEDAI score?
What is the aim of the 4D nucleome project?
When is 16S rRNA Gene Sequencing used?
What is the association of circular RNA to breast cancer?
Describe RIblast
What is Alzheimers disease resilience?
Describe Achenbach’s syndrome.
What is host induced gene silencing?
What is maternal spindle transfer?
What is the role of tankyrases in response to Double Strand Breaks (DSBs)?
How do circRNAs relate to tumorigenesis?
What is the role of the blood-brain barrier?
What is PARP inhibitor (PARPi) resistance?
What are pQTLs?
What is Dysphoric Milk Ejection Reflex?
What is the "protein inference problem"?
What is the link between lithium use during pregnancy and Ebstein anomaly?
What does the Ribosome-bound Quality Control complex do?
Describe mechanism of action of Romosozumab.
Which proteins are regulated by Nrf2?
What is the purpose of the Tabix tool?
What is MULTOVL?
How is Hsd17b1 associated with endometriosis?
What is INCB3619?
What is crenezumab?
Describe Vanishing lung syndrome.
What is calciphylaxis
What is the alternative lengthening of telomeres?
Which organ express and secretes the hormone FGF21?
What is the biological role of Neddylation?
What is break induced replication?
What is a fibrocyte?
What is the aim of the PhenCode database?
What is the basis of the Sp3 procedure used in proteomics?
What is "enhancer hijacking"?
What disease is tinea ?
How are deletion breakpoints defined?
How is the nuclear localization of lncRNA mediated?
What is ATAC-seq?
What is the TALE-iD method used for?
What is Paget's Disease?
What is the function of penicillinase, also known as beta lactamase?
What is caused by the ectopic expression of CTCF?
What is the dardarin protein?
What is myelin?
What is Dupuytren's contracture?
What phenotype is associated with the V60L mutation in the human MC1R gene?
What is the aim of  perfoming a "cycloheximide chase assay"?
What is Mendelian randomization?
What is hemolacria?
What is the 3D genome browser?
Are gut proteobacteria associated with inflammatory disease?
Describe genomiser
What is TPMCalculator?
Describe clinical presentation of Escobar syndrome.
What is small-activating RNA?
What is the mechanism of action of Ivosidenib?
Which is the basis of the ATAC-Seq protocol?
What is vcfanno?
What is the association of Disease-Associated STRs (daSTRs) with domain boundaries?
What is the link between ultraconserved elements and three-dimensional mammalian genome organization?
What are the "Ohnologs"?
What is TissueEnrich?
Describe OligoSTORM
Describe the mechanism of action of ibalizumab.
Describe information obtained by immunophenotyping.
What is the mechanism of action of Emicizumab?
What is DiseaseEnhancer?
What is the function of GFRAL?
What is the role of ZCCHC17?
What is latex bead phagocytosis?
Describe CGmapTools
How is the Regulatory Trait Concordance (RTC) calculated?
What is filipin staining used for?
What is the function of the Nup153 protein?
How can PEGylation improve recombinant drugs?
Describe GeneCodeq
What is the mechanism of action of arimoclomol?
What is the purpose of the Ottawa Ankle Rule?
What is CIBERSORT used for?
What is PANDAS disease?
What is CPX351?
What is ivosidenib?
Describe symptoms of the Visual snow syndrome.
What is the role of the Leucosporidium ice-binding protein
What is the aim of the METABRIC project?
What is ferroptosis?
Briefly describe a deep learning system that is more accurate than human experts at detecting melanoma.
What is the mechanism of action of durvalumab?
What is GeneWeaver used for?
Endolymphatic hydrops is associated with Meniere’s disease. Please provide a summary of endoymphatic hydrops including the symptoms and affected body part.
What is the mechanism of action of Alpelisib?
What is eravacycline?
What is PEGylation?
Describe the 4D-CHAINS algorithm
What is an organoid?
What is known about the gut bacteria and depression.
What is the mechanism of action of anlotinib?
Describe Canvas SPW
What is the mechanism of action of cemiplimab?
What is CamurWeb?
Describe SLIC-CAGE
What is achalasia?
What is Burning Mouth Syndrome(BMS)?
What is the role of the Mcm2-Ctf4-Polα axis?
What is the contribution of ultraconserved elements in Australasian smurf-weevils?
How does botulism toxin act on the muscle?
Describe the mechanism of action of apalutamide.
What is Bayesian haplotyping used for?
Describe Herpetic Whitlow.
What is the mechanism of action of Pitolisant?
What is Chrysophanol?
What is CardioClassifier?
What is the role of metalloproteinase-17 (ADAM17) in NK cells?
What are the CADD scores?
What is a prolactinoma and where in the body would they be found?
What is the association of epigallocatechin with the cardiovascular system?
What is the mechanism of action of tucatinib?
Describe the mechanism of action of Lurbinectedin.
What is the mechanism of action of motolimod?
What is the function of PARP1?
What is COG112?
What is the function of Taraxasterol  in rheumatoid arthritis?
What is the role of CD28 with respect to bacterial superantigen toxins?
What is the mechanism of the drug CRT0066101?
What is PhenomeCentral?
How can super-enhancers be used in disease diagnosis?
Which proteins are markers of HPV oncogenic activity?
Describe the bartender algorithm
Describe CapSim
What is the mode of action of Tetrocarcin-A?
What are CRISPR-Cas12a proteins?
What is the mechanism of action of Solriamfetol?
What is the difference between the nuclease Cas13a and C2c2
What is the mechanism of action of cariprazine?
What is CVT-301?
What is patisiran?
What is the mechanism of action of Inclisiran?
What is opdivo?
What does Prevnar 13 consist of?
What are there sex differences in SAMHD1 activity?
Which enhancers are characterized as latent?
What is the difference between COG133 and COG112?
How are gas vesicle proteins used in imaging?
What are super-enhancers
What is the mode of action for Tocilizumab?
What is Quorum Sensing in bacteria?
What are the phenotypic features of the autosomal dominant, development disease, Noonans syndrome
What is the dbSUPER database?
What is YESCARTA?
What is known about the gene MIR140?
What is the mode of action of the Tc toxins?
What are acoustic reported genes used to detect?
What is a lipin 1 protein doing?
What is epitranscriptomics?
What is a SMR based BCI?
What conditions are associated with mutations in the gene FAAH?
What is aphasia?
What is the role of Acyl-Homoserine Lactone  in bacteria?
